<html>
	<head>
		<title>About Slamd64</title>
		<meta name='pageName' content='about' />
	</head>
	<body>
		<p>Slamd64 is an <em>unofficial</em> port of <a href='http://www.slackware.com'>Slackware&#174; Linux</a> to the x86_64
		architecture. It was started from slackware-current in 2004, and was created by cross-compiling from scratch, rather than using an existing 64-bit distribution as a base.</p>
		
		<p>Slamd64 is a multi-lib distribution, which means that you can run 32-bit applications easily, without a chroot. You can directly install <em>most</em> packages targeted at x86 Slackware&#174;. Slamd64 11.0 and below do not include support for compiling 32-bit applications, however support is included in 12.0 and above.</p>
		
		<p>Slamd64 is a non-commercial distribution; the maintainer's (<a href='http://www.fredemmott.co.uk'>Fred Emmott</a>) primary income from the project is donations, although paid consultation and support for the distribution is available (please <a href='mailto:mail@fredemmott.co.uk'>email</a> for details).</p>
		
		<h3>System Requirements</h3>
		
		<p>These are only a rough guideline; your mileage may vary.</p>
		
		<ul>
			<li>
				x86_64-compatabile CPU (AMD64/EM64T, not IA64):
				<ul>
					<li>AMD Athlon 64</li>
					<li>AMD Athlon 64 FX</li>
					<li>AMD Athlon 64 X2</li>
					<li>AMD Turion 64</li>
					<li>AMD Turion 64 X2</li>
					<li>AMD Opteron</li>
					<li><em>Some</em> AMD Semprons (only the SDA*SBX model numbers)</li>
					<li>Intel Pentium 4F with D0 and later P4 steppings</li>
					<li><em>Some</em> Xeon processors (only the EM64T, not the IA64 variety)</li>
					<li>Intel Core 2 Duo (<strong>NOT</strong> Core Duo)</li>
				</ul>
				This is not an exhaustive list, and may contain errors.
			</li>
			<li>128MB RAM. More strongly recommended.</li>
			<li>100MB (minimal, text-only install) - 3GB (full install) HD space. More strongly recommended.</li>
			<li>IDE/SCSI/SATA I/O</li>
			<li>If graphics are required, any VGA card.</li>
			<li>If 3d graphics are required, NVidia or Intel cards are recommended, although any card supported by Linux, X, and DRI on x86_64 should be supported.</li>
		</ul>
	</body>
</html>
